Docs: Align `widget_build_url_ignore_dm` with call behaviour switch between 1:1 and Widget (#27705)
element-hq/element-web: docs/config.md

    }
    ```
    The `widget` is the `content` of a normal widget state event. The `layout` is the layout specifier for the widget being created,
    as defined by the `io.element.widgets.layout` state event. By default this applies to all rooms, but the behaviour can be skipped for

>     2-person rooms where 1:1 voip will be used by setting the option `widget_build_url_ignore_dm` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as defined by the `io.element.widgets.layout` state event. By default this applies to all rooms, but the behaviour can be skipped for
    2-person rooms, causing Element to fall back to 1:1 VoIP, by setting the option `widget_build_url_ignore_dm` to `true`.
```
